# 0.9.4.1 Updates

Bug Fixes:
Fixed bug with saving a c_uses item with 0 uses left
Change Portrait ID now uses Turnwheel
C_uses component now works better when all used up
Fixed bugs when total HP decreased during map combat
Fixed missing display when brave on attack
Fixed display bug with over 80 hp in combat animations
Fixed display bug in InfoMenu when a unit's main weapon was not the first item in their inventory
Fixed a couple of small movement interactions -- Weapons can now give forced movement, Trying to move tiles won't crash the game always.
Weapon rank crit bonus now works correctly
Subsurfacing surfaces badly no longer crashes the game. Now should just return the unsubsurfaced surface instead. (This does make the game imperceptibly slower though)
Can now view info on statuses if unit has no supports or weapon levels
Proc equations should have better features now
Camera works slightly different now -- unlikely for the average user to notice
Level Editor bug fixes


Features:
Item component <use_custom_anim> can now take a name to use instead of always using the item id
<exp_multiplier> status component now available (could use this to create Paragon skill, for instance)
autopromote and level max changes (New "auto_promote" tag to force auto promote even if its otherwise turned off)
Status Components:
"lost_on_endchapter" removes status at the end of the chapter
<gain_status_after_kill> gives a status whenever the unit kills another unit
<gain_status_after_attack> gives a status whenever the unit attacks (on player phase)
<gain_status_after_active_kill> gives a status whenever the unit attacks and kills a unit (on player phase)
"immune" component makes unit immune to getting ally or enemy statuses from combat
"grounded" component make unit immune to forced movement (Shove, Swap, Warp, Rescue, etc.)
"distant_counter" gives unit the ability to counterattack from any range (against a weapon)

You could use them like this:
    <status name="Rex Divinus">
        <id>Rex_Divinus</id>
        <image_index>10,9</image_index>
        <desc>Immunity to statuses and forced movement.</desc>
        <components>immune,grounded</components>
    </status>

Added new event command "activate_turnwheel" and "activate_turnwheel;force" which starts the turnwheel when the dialogue script ends. You can use this to implement Three Houses style turnwheel plot armor (check out how its done in the most recent update to the Lion Throne). "activate_turnwheel;force" forces the player to move the turnwheel at least one turn back.

# Other
Bolting animation by BBHood217! Yay!
Purge animation by BBHood217! Yay!
Shadowshot animation by BBHood217! Yay!
Display update to weapon level info