Hello everyone!

Let's try doing an update announcement. v0.9.4 of the Lex Talionis Engine is now released. 

## New Features:
### Item Components:
Added `gender_locked` item component: <gender_locked>5,6,7,8,9</gender_locked>
Added `class_locked` item component: <class_locked>Myrmidon,Swordmaster</class_locked>
Added `tag_locked` item component: <tag_locked>Armor</tag_locked>
Added tags as legal weapon levels: <LVL>Armor,Drake,General</LVL>

### New Game Constants:
Added `inherit_class_skills` game constant. By default, it is 1 (True). When turned to 0, units will lose their previous non-feat class skills on promotion.
Added `generic_feats` game constants. By default, it is 0. When turned to 1, any time a generic unit would gain a feat, they choose a random one, instead of ignoring feats.

### New Status Components:
Added `nihil` status component. 

```
<nihil>{list of proc skill ids to negate}</nihil>
```

Alternatively, you can use <nihil>All</nihil> to have the unit ignore all proc skills.

```
    <!-- Example Nihil Status -->
    <status name="Nihil">
        <id>Nihil</id>
        <image_index>4,3</image_index>
        <desc>Ignore proc skills</desc>
        <components>nihil,class_skill</components>

        <nihil>All</nihil>
    </status>
```

Added `resist_multiplier` status component. It works like <resist>, except it multiplies the amount of damage done by the value. So for examples:

```
    <!-- Stoneskin Status -->
    <status name="Stoneskin">
        <id>Stoneskin</id>
        <desc>Take half damage from all sources</desc>
        <image_index>9,8</image_index>
        <components>resist_multiplier</components>

        <resist_multiplier>0.5</resist_multiplier>
    </status>
```

### New Event Commands:
Added `change_portrait` command to event scripts, allowing permanent change to a unit's portrait id.

### Other
Added support for accessing the Arena from the base. The Wiki here: https://gitlab.com/rainlash/lex-talionis/-/wikis/100.-Miscellaneous-Stuff#arena-global-constants explains how to do the thing. The capability itself should work correctly, but it doesn't look perfect, since combat still does a fade in/fade out on location even from base. The base Arena works a lot like Three Houses arena, since you can't heal in base.


## Bug Fixes:
1. Fixed issue when stealing with 0 exp.
2. Removed crash when merging parties that don't exist. Now merge parties will just not do anything (probably).
3. Fixed help dialog crash if the description was too long.
4. Fixed issue with Ruin Ward if combat animations are on AND the attack missed.


## Required Data Changes:
If you are using the Ruin Ward's animation, there is a bug and you should replace your _/Data/Effects/Dark/Ruin-Script.txt_ with the current one.

