# 0.9.4.2 Updates
### Item Components
The item component `use_custom_anim` can now take a specific animation name to use instead of always using the item id. So you could add `<use_custom_anim>RangedAxe</use_custom_anim>` to the Iron Sword to get it to show a Handaxe's combat animation.

### Status Components:
Added `exp_multiplier` status component; could be used to create Paragon skill, for instance, or even something more insidious. For Paragon: `<exp_multiplier>2.0</exp_multiplier>`

Added `lost_on_endchapter` status component.

Added `gain_status_after_kill` status component. Takes 1 status as argument and gives that status to the unit whenever they kill another unit.

Added `gain_status_after_attack` status component. Works like `gain_status_after_kill`, but whenever the unit attacks (on their own phase)

Added `gain_status_after_active_kill` status component. Works like `gain_status_after_kill`, but only when the unit kills another unit on their own phase.

Added `immune` status component. Unit will be immune to getting ally or enemy statuses in combat.

Added `grounded` status component. Unit will be immune to forced movement (Shove, Swap, Warp, Rescue, etc.)

Added `distant_counter` status component. Gives unit the ability to counterattack without regard to range. All other rules still apply.

You could use them like this:
```
    <status name="Rex Divinus">
        <id>Rex_Divinus</id>
        <image_index>10,9</image_index>
        <desc>Yeah, I'm a boss.</desc>
        <components>immune,grounded,distant_counter</components>
    </status>
```

### New Tags:
New `auto_promote` tag forces auto promotion on a unit even if the auto_promote game constants is off.

### New Event Commands:
Added event command `activate_turnwheel` and `activate_turnwheel;force` which starts the turnwheel when the dialogue script ends. You can use this to implement Three Houses style turnwheel plot armor. `force` forces the player to move the turnwheel back.

### Other features:
Hitting the level maximum now looks nicer in the exp bar.

### Bug Fixes:
Fixed bug with saving a `c_uses` item with 0 uses left

`c_uses` component now works better when all used up

Change Portrait ID now uses Turnwheel

Fixed bugs when total HP decreased during map combat

Fixed missing display when brave on attack

Fixed half lifelink issue when dealing over targets remaining HP

Fixed display bug with over 80 hp in combat animations.

Fixed display bug in InfoMenu when a unit's main weapon was not the first item in their inventory

Fixed a couple of small movement interactions -- Weapons can now give forced movement.

Weapon rank crit bonus now works correctly

Subsurfacing surfaces badly no longer crashes the game. Now should just return the unsubsurfaced surface instead. (This does make the game imperceptibly slower though)

Can now view info on statuses if unit has no supports or weapon levels

Camera works slightly different now -- unlikely for the average user to notice

Seize and Escape scripts now have name property like other scripts

AI Group now works better and more consistently.

### Level Editor bug fixes:
AI groups should work better and you should no longer need to refresh the team for the AI to become enabled.

## Data Changes
The Lion Throne now has Three Houses style plot armor -- it automatically activates the turnwheel if turnwheel uses are available and the player would lose the game.

# Other
Bolting animation by BBHood217! Yay!

Purge animation by BBHood217! Yay!

Shadowshot animation by BBHood217! Yay!

Stone animation by BBHood217! Yay!

Thanks BBHood217!

And, thanks Nemid, blank, Lord Tweed, Axelloid1460 and many others for finding bugs, and in some cases, even providing solutions!
